Problem 1:

1a. An association list is a data structure used to record 
short, mappings of keys to values. It consists of a list 
of pairs, with each pair representing an association 
between the key (car, or the first element) and the datum 
(cdr, the tail end). 
    Ex. ((pine . cones)
         (oak . acorns)
         (maple . seeds))

1b. The assoc function searches an association and returns
the first car and cdr pair of elements which satisfy the 
test argument. 

    In this section of code, it will run through the list
    and return the pair with r as the car. In this case it
    will return (r . x)
    
1c. The mapcan function takes each element of the provided
list and applies the provided function. 

    This function has a variety of uses, such as finding all
    the positive numbers in a list. This would be done with
    the following: 
    (mapcan (lambda (x) (if (> x 0) (list x) nil)) '(8 7 6
    -5 -4 3 -2 1))
    
1d. 1. (defparameter *hashtable* (make-hash-table))
    2. (setf (gethash 'entry *hash-table*) "testing")
    3. (gethash 'entry *hash-table*)
    
1e. The function sublis splices two trees together and 
produces a compltely new tree. The first tree is usally 
a list of elements and the second tree is the formatting. 

    An example of this is: (sublis '( (c . d) '(c c))
    
1f. In prolog, bindings variables are used to assign a 
value to a variable. This is mostly used when attempting
to satisfy a query or during the creation of a rule.

1g. '(= ?x ?x) Works because it is a predefined operator
in lisp. It works by binding both ?xs to a different atom
and then checking their equality.

1h. (gensym "?") Returns a compltely original symbol that
is prefaced by :?. 

1i. Renaming is required because if multiple parameters 
have the same name, then they might get overwritten or 
accessed at the wrong time.

1j. The ands clause is done in reverse in order to be 
able to handle recursive ands calls. During a recursive 
call, the first call is the last one to calculated, 
resulting in the calls being handled backwards.